Update input-main.md (#1167)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/input-main.md

### DeePKS

This part of variables are used to control the usage of DeePKS method (a comprehensive data-driven approach to improve accuracy of DFT).

> Warning: this function is not robust enough for version 2.2.0. Please try the following variables at your own risk:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Warning: this function is not robust enough for the current version. Please try the following variables at your own risk:
```
